FIX_IMAGE_UPLOAD_ERROR.md, before:

# Fix Image Upload Error - Supabase Storage Setup

## 🔴 Problem

You're getting this error when uploading images:
```
Upload failed: Internal Error. ID: 01KE8Z1E3CGE36S6VKB4G8ZC58
```

## ✅ Solution

Your code uses **Supabase Storage**, not Cloudinary. The error is because Supabase environment variables are missing or incorrect in Netlify.

## 🔧 Step 1: Add Supabase Environment Variables in Netlify

1. **Go to Netlify Dashboard**
   - Visit: https://app.netlify.com
   - Click on your site
   - Go to **Site settings** → **Environment variables**

2. **Add These Required Variables** (for Production, Deploy previews, and Branch deploys):

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://uitncbzxnumrnslfucso.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key_here
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_service_role_key_here
```

### Where to Find These Values:

1. **Go to Supabase Dashboard**
   - Visit: https://supabase.com/dashboard
   - Select your project

2. **Get the Values**:
   - Go to **Settings** → **API**
   - Copy:
     - **Project URL** → Use for `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
     - **anon public** key → Use for `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
     - **service_role** key → Use for `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` ⚠️ (Keep this secret!)

3. **Add in Netlify**:
   - Click **"Add variable"** for each one
   - Make sure to add them for **Production**, **Deploy previews**, and **Branch deploys**
   - Click **"Save"**

## 🔧 Step 2: Create Supabase Storage Bucket

The code expects a bucket named `profitness`. Make sure it exists:

1. **Go to Supabase Dashboard**
   - Visit: https://supabase.com/dashboard
   - Select your project

2. **Go to Storage**
   - Click **"Storage"** in the left sidebar
   - Check if a bucket named `profitness` exists

3. **Create Bucket (if it doesn't exist)**:
   - Click **"New bucket"**
   - Name: `profitness`
   - **Make it Public**: Check "Public bucket" (so images are accessible)
   - Click **"Create bucket"**

4. **Set Bucket Policies** (if needed):
   - Click on the `profitness` bucket
   - Go to **"Policies"** tab
   - Make sure there are policies allowing:
     - **Upload**: Authenticated users or service role
     - **Read**: Public (for public bucket)

## 🔧 Step 3: Redeploy After Adding Variables

After adding environment variables:

1. **Go to Netlify Dashboard**
   - Click on your site
   - Go to **Deploys** tab
   - Click **"Trigger deploy"** → **"Deploy site"**

2. **Wait for Build**
   - Build will take 2-3 minutes
   - Wait for it to complete

## ✅ Step 4: Test Upload Again

1. **Go to Admin Dashboard**
   - Visit: `https://your-site.netlify.app/admin/dashboard`

2. **Try Uploading an Image**
   - Upload should work now!

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Still Getting Errors?

1. **Check Netlify Build Logs**:
   - Go to Deploys → Click latest deploy
   - Look for errors related to Supabase
   - Check if environment variables are being read

2. **Check Browser Console**:
   - Open DevTools (F12)
   - Go to Console tab
   - Try uploading again
   - Look for error messages

3. **Verify Supabase Connection**:
   - Check Supabase Dashboard → Logs
   - See if there are any errors from your site

4. **Test Environment Variables**:
   - Make sure variable names match exactly (case-sensitive):
     - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` (not `SUPABASE_URL`)
     - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` (not `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`)
     - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` (exact name)

### Common Issues:

**Issue**: "Bucket not found"
- **Fix**: Create the `profitness` bucket in Supabase Storage

**Issue**: "Permission denied"
- **Fix**: Make sure bucket is public OR set proper RLS policies

**Issue**: "Database not configured"
- **Fix**: Add `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` in Netlify

**Issue**: "Failed to get public URL"
- **Fix**: Make sure bucket is set to "Public" in Supabase

## 📝 Note About Cloudinary

**You mentioned creating a new Cloudinary API key**, but your code is using **Supabase Storage**, not Cloudinary. 

- ❌ Cloudinary keys won't help with this error
- ✅ You need Supabase environment variables instead

If you want to use Cloudinary instead, you'd need to:
1. Change the upload route to use Cloudinary
2. Add Cloudinary environment variables
3. Update the code to use Cloudinary API

But for now, **Supabase Storage is already set up** - you just need to add the environment variables in Netlify!

## ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Added `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` in Netlify
- [ ] Added `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` in Netlify
- [ ] Added `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` in Netlify
- [ ] Created `profitness` bucket in Supabase Storage
- [ ] Made bucket public (or set proper policies)
- [ ] Redeployed site in Netlify
- [ ] Tested image upload

---

**Status**: Follow these steps to fix the upload error! 🚀

Commit message:

Migrate to Cloudflare Pages runtime

FIX_IMAGE_UPLOAD_ERROR.md, after:

# Fix Image Upload Error - Supabase Storage Setup

## 🔴 Problem

You're getting this error when uploading images:
```
Upload failed: Internal Error. ID: 01KE8Z1E3CGE36S6VKB4G8ZC58
```

## ✅ Solution

Your code uses **Supabase Storage** for this upload path. The error is because Supabase environment variables are missing or incorrect in Cloudflare Pages.

## 🔧 Step 1: Add Supabase Environment Variables in Cloudflare Pages

1. **Go to Cloudflare Pages**
   - Visit: https://dash.cloudflare.com/
   - Select your Pages project
   - Go to **Settings** → **Environment variables**

2. **Add These Required Variables** (for Production, Deploy previews, and Branch deploys):

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=https://uitncbzxnumrnslfucso.supabase.co
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key_here
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_service_role_key_here
```

### Where to Find These Values:

1. **Go to Supabase Dashboard**
   - Visit: https://supabase.com/dashboard
   - Select your project

2. **Get the Values**:
   - Go to **Settings** → **API**
   - Copy:
     - **Project URL** → Use for `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
     - **anon public** key → Use for `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
     - **service_role** key → Use for `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` ⚠️ (Keep this secret!)

3. **Add in Cloudflare Pages**:
   - Click **"Add variable"** for each one
   - Make sure to add them for **Production** and **Preview**
   - Click **"Save"**

## 🔧 Step 2: Create Supabase Storage Bucket

The code expects a bucket named `profitness`. Make sure it exists:

1. **Go to Supabase Dashboard**
   - Visit: https://supabase.com/dashboard
   - Select your project

2. **Go to Storage**
   - Click **"Storage"** in the left sidebar
   - Check if a bucket named `profitness` exists

3. **Create Bucket (if it doesn't exist)**:
   - Click **"New bucket"**
   - Name: `profitness`
   - **Make it Public**: Check "Public bucket" (so images are accessible)
   - Click **"Create bucket"**

4. **Set Bucket Policies** (if needed):
   - Click on the `profitness` bucket
   - Go to **"Policies"** tab
   - Make sure there are policies allowing:
     - **Upload**: Authenticated users or service role
     - **Read**: Public (for public bucket)

## 🔧 Step 3: Redeploy After Adding Variables

After adding environment variables:

1. **Go to Cloudflare Pages**
   - Open your project
   - Go to **Deployments**
   - Click **"Retry deployment"** or push a new commit

2. **Wait for Build**
   - Build will take 2-3 minutes
   - Wait for it to complete

## ✅ Step 4: Test Upload Again

1. **Go to Admin Dashboard**
   - Visit: `https://your-site.pages.dev/admin/dashboard`

2. **Try Uploading an Image**
   - Upload should work now!

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Still Getting Errors?

1. **Check Cloudflare Pages Build Logs**:
   - Go to Deployments → Click latest deploy
   - Look for errors related to Supabase
   - Check if environment variables are being read

2. **Check Browser Console**:
   - Open DevTools (F12)
   - Go to Console tab
   - Try uploading again
   - Look for error messages

3. **Verify Supabase Connection**:
   - Check Supabase Dashboard → Logs
   - See if there are any errors from your site

4. **Test Environment Variables**:
   - Make sure variable names match exactly (case-sensitive):
     - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` (not `SUPABASE_URL`)
     - `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` (not `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`)
     - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` (exact name)

### Common Issues:

**Issue**: "Bucket not found"
- **Fix**: Create the `profitness` bucket in Supabase Storage

**Issue**: "Permission denied"
- **Fix**: Make sure bucket is public OR set proper RLS policies

**Issue**: "Database not configured"
- **Fix**: Add `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` in Cloudflare Pages

**Issue**: "Failed to get public URL"
- **Fix**: Make sure bucket is set to "Public" in Supabase

## 📝 Note About Cloudinary

**You mentioned creating a new Cloudinary API key**, but your code is using **Supabase Storage**, not Cloudinary. 

- ❌ Cloudinary keys won't help with this error
- ✅ You need Supabase environment variables instead

If you want to use Cloudinary instead, you'd need to:
1. Change the upload route to use Cloudinary
2. Add Cloudinary environment variables
3. Update the code to use Cloudinary API

But for now, **Supabase Storage is already set up** - you just need to add the environment variables in Cloudflare Pages!

## ✅ Checklist

- [ ] Added `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` in Cloudflare Pages
- [ ] Added `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` in Cloudflare Pages
- [ ] Added `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` in Cloudflare Pages
- [ ] Created `profitness` bucket in Supabase Storage
- [ ] Made bucket public (or set proper policies)
- [ ] Redeployed site in Cloudflare Pages
- [ ] Tested image upload

---

**Status**: Follow these steps to fix the upload error! 🚀
